UNIFY-328 Update all references to config file (#4093)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/guides/guides/environment-variables.md

[`cy.visit()`](/api/commands/visit) and [`cy.request()`](/api/commands/request)
are automatically prefixed with this value - avoiding the need to specify them.

> `baseUrl` can be set in your configuration file - and then you can set an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`baseUrl` can be set in the Cypress configuration file - and then you can set an
```

### Option #1: configuration file

Any key/value you set in your

> [configuration file](/guides/references/configuration) under the `env` key will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cypress configuration](/guides/references/configuration) under the `env` key will
```

You can create your own `cypress.env.json` file that Cypress will automatically
check. Values in here will overwrite conflicting environment variables in your

> [configuration file](/guides/references/configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cypress configuration](/guides/references/configuration).
```

`CYPRESS_` or `cypress_` will automatically be added to Cypress' environment
variables and made available to you.

> Conflicting values will override values from your configuration file and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conflicting values will override values from the Cypress configuration file and
```
